hi welcome to the central cooking I'm
Melissa and I'm gravy and today we're
going to be showing you how to make an
easy recipe for chicken parmesan you
will need three small chicken breasts
two to three small chicken breasts or
one large one and then how much you're
making one to two eggs I think this
might require to have about a cup and a
half of flour here so I'm judging the
chicken and then over here we found
about one teaspoon each of garlic powder
and dried basil about 1/4 cup of fresh
chopped parsley and about 1/3 cup of
parmesan grated then here we have about
a cup of just in your normal
store-bought breadcrumbs another cup of
Asian style breadcrumbs called panko
okay so now we're gonna cut the chicken
this is just a partially defrosted
chicken breast I like to keep it a
little bit frozen so that it's not
really slippery when I'm cutting it
usually recipes will call for you
pounding out chicken breasts with a
mallet solo from their flat but I don't
have a mallet so I just use my knife
right now I'm just turning off the oil
fat pieces and you find an area where
the breast is nice and flat against the
cutting board and then as I didn't have
and I like butterflying the pork chop
there you go make sure you salt and
pepper both sides of your ticket and
we're also gonna put our garlic powder
and our Thai basil in this then we're
gonna go over to our bread crumbs and
take a little bit of them and spread
them on the plate so that breaded
chicken doesn't stick and we're just
gonna mix our fresh parsley and about
2/3 to half of the parmesan
okay so this is the order we're going to
do this in we're going to take our
chicken dredge it in the flour dip it in
the egg and then coat it with the
breadcrumbs and let it rest on the plate
okay so by now after you see from the
ticket and gotten all of your
ingredients together the chicken should
be pretty much defrosted and we're going
to dredge it in the flour so it's nice
and evenly coated and then into the egg
mixture and looks like these are
probably fall apart so I'm just going to
break them up right now
and I usually like to grab a handful of
my breadcrumbs and then plop the chicken
in there so the breadcrumbs can just go
right over it and make sure you get
these nice and folded that fresh parsley
in there will crisp up and taste really
good
same with the parmesan and after you're
done coating it nice and evenly we're
getting ready to start frying
but first we're gonna turn on the oven
to 375 to 400 degrees and and on this
hand and put the oil in
this doesn't look like it's gonna be
enough
you want about a quarter-inch that
all right so we've got all of our little
tidbits out of the way so now it's time
for a big one
and we'll let them get nice and brown
like you guys are and those two little
ones are probably going to end up being
our taste tester
once you start to see it getting brown
around the edges you know it's almost
time to flip up like I said before you
don't really want to cook them all the
way through and their goal with the
frying is just to give them a nice
golden brown color
okay so we're done frying and the oven
is still preheating so what we're going
to do is just get everything ready to go
in the oven so I'm go to baking
the bigger the better that way you have
the room
now these guys
and then you just want a spoon a little
bit of sauce right on top don't get it
all over because then you'll just defeat
the purpose of all that fine
you left
so put it right in the middle and spread
it around
all right now we're going to put our
cheese on we've got a mixture of
shredded mozzarella provolone Romano
Asiago and Parmesan cheese ooh and we'll
be generous with the teeth
and you can also top this with a little
bit of more fresh chopped parsley okay
so the chicken sent in the oven for
about seven minutes at 375 I'm gonna
take it out cheese is nice and melty I'm
going to sprinkle on a little bit of the
remaining parmesan that we put in the
breadcrumbs
and since this is gonna be right on top
it's gonna get nice and crispy in the
oven a bit more fresh parsley was for
some nice color on the top
okay so it looks like that's done
and there is your finished product we
added a little salad to the side you can
also put chicken parmesan on top of
pasta a lot of people like to do that
you